Job Description
WHAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY?
The Senior Manager of Executive Portfolio & Financial Management is responsible for delivering precise, strategic executive-level reporting and leading QBR/BRD executions. This role collaborates with cross-functional teams to translate complex data into actionable insights, acts as the primary liaison to executives for performance updates, and provides recommendations to enhance operational efficiency.
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
Execute executive-level monthly and Ad-Hoc reporting with precision and strategic insights.
Lead execution of Quarterly Business Review and Business Review deliverables.
Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to distill complex business data into actionable insights, adhering to strict timelines.
Serve as the primary interface to executives, presenting data-driven updates on:
Operating plan performance
Developer productivity metrics
Strategic Initiatives
PB&DT Large Programs
Develop actionable recommendations to support decision-making and operational efficiency.
Ad-hoc executive-level reporting and analysis.
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED?
Must have:
Deep understanding of financial principles and metrics.
Extensive knowledge of RBC’s organizational structure, processes, and governance.
Proven experience in high-exposure executive communication (written/verbal).
Ability to translate complex data into executive-ready narratives.
Strong stakeholder management and cross-functional collaboration.
Expertise in visualization tools and Excel.
Nice-to-have
:
MBA or advanced degree (asset).
Previous management consulting experience (e.g., strategy, operations, or technology consulting).
Background in portfolio management, IT strategy.
What’s in it for you?
We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.
A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits
Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team
Flexible work/life balance options
Job Skills
Financial Derivatives, Investment Consulting, Investment Performance Measurement, Investment Risk Management, Investments, Investments Analysis, Long Term Planning, Portfolio Management, Product Services, Risk Control
Additional Job Details
Address:
RBC WATERPARK PLACE, 88 QUEENS QUAY W:TORONTO
City:
Toronto
Country:
Canada
Work hours/week:
37.5
Employment Type:
Full time
Platform:
TECHNOLOGY AND OPERATIONS
Job Type:
Regular
Pay Type:
Salaried
Posted Date:
2026-06-23
Application Deadline:
2026-08-30
Note
:
 
Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above
Our Employment Opportunities
At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.
Join our Talent Community
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.
Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com</a/span>
RBC is presently inviting candidates to apply for this existing vacancy. Applying to this posting allows you to express your interest in this current career opportunity at RBC. Qualified applicants may be contacted to review their resume in more detail.
        





        
            Show more
          

          







        
            Show less