Why you’ll love working here: high-performance, people-focused culture our commitment that equity, diversity, and inclusion are fundamental to our work environment and business success, which helps employees feel valued and empowered to be their authentic selves learning and development initiatives, including workshops, Speaker Series events and access to LinkedIn Learning, that support employees’ career growth membership in HOOPP’s world class defined benefit pension plan, which can serve as an important part of your retirement security competitive, 100% company-paid extended health and dental benefits for permanent employees, including coverage supporting our team's diversity and mental health (e.g., gender affirmation, fertility and drug treatment, psychological support benefits of $2,500 per year, parental leave top-up, and a health spending account). optional post-retirement health and dental benefits subsidized at 50% yoga classes, meditation workshops, nutritional consultations, and wellness seminars the opportunity to make a difference and help take care of those who care for us, by providing a financially secure retirement for Ontario healthcare workers Job Summary: Under the guidance of the Director, Risk Analytics and Modelling, the Senior Manager, Risk Analytics and Modelling will be accountable for instrument risk modelling. This incumbent will develop and foster strong relationships within all other parts of HOOPP, especially those related to the trading function, and will build and maintain strong relationships with peers and relevant external parties. In addition, the Senior Manager will advise and contribute to the development of advanced risk management approaches. What you will do: Model derivatives, hedge funds, liabilities, and other securities within the risk management system. Review the models on a regular basis and ensure that the risk embedded is well measured and monitored. Work with traders, finance, and developers to add new instruments and models as required. Establish new and state-of-the-art tools that help measure and provide insight on all financial risks, especially market risk, faced by HOOPP. Design and implement tools to measure and monitor the risk in the portfolio. Assist in the validation of models including documentation, benchmarking, and assessing model performance. Leverage strong analytical capabilities in investment risk analysis and excellent writing and communication skills to ensure analysis and comments are communicated effectively through risk reports. As an expert in the risk management system, incumbent will also work closely with other groups at HOOPP to help them utilize the system to its full capacity as well as assist the Director with risk-related questions. Foster continual innovation and thought leadership by leveraging state-of-the-art industry intelligence and in-house risk expertise across the Risk Division. What you bring: Graduate degree in Finance, Math, Statistics, Business Administration, Economics, or related field. Minimum of 5 years of professional experience in the financial industry including experience related to the modelling and trading of financial instruments in the context of risk management. Practical experience modelling derivatives and other financial instruments. Experience working with traders and portfolio managers. Experience with python. Experience using a vendor system for risk or trading is an asset. Excellent writing, editing and problem-solving skills. Possess strong technical skills. Programming knowledge is an asset Possess strong quantitative skills. Hands-on experience with AI agents, large language models (LLMs), and AI-powered automation tools in a professional setting is an asset. Knowledge of risk management, derivatives and quantitative techniques. Strong interpersonal skills with solid verbal and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to collaborate and work with a team, while also being self-motivated and able to work independently. The actual base salary offered to the successful candidate may vary based on multiple factors including, but not limited to, individual's expertise and level of experience applicable to the role they are being offered. This role is eligible to participate in discretionary incentive plan(s), subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable incentive plan text. This job is for an existing vacancy. About HOOPP Founded in 1960 by the Ontario Hospital Association, the Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP) is one of Canada’s strongest and most stable defined benefit pension plans. For over 65 years, HOOPP has delivered on its pension promise to Ontario’s healthcare workers, now serving more than 504,000 members and 870 employers across the province. With offices in Toronto and London, HOOPP manages a global, diversified multi-asset portfolio. One of Canada’s Maple 8 pension plans, HOOPP oversees $132 billion in assets and remains fully funded, supported by strong risk-adjusted returns, stable contribution rates for more than 20 years and independent governance. Our strength is powered by our people who bring HOOPP’s mission, vision and values to life and play a crucial role in helping us succeed. We are a purpose-driven organization committed to building an equitable, diverse and inclusive workplace where different perspectives drive better outcomes. We look for talented, forward-thinking individuals who want their work to have real impact on the lives of others. We believe an equitable, diverse and inclusive (EDI) workplace is integral to cultivating a positive culture. We integrate fair and inclusive practices into our programs and processes, creating equal opportunity and establishing a consistent employee experience across our organization. If you need accommodation at any point in our recruitment process, please advise your recruiter or email us at HRinbox@hoopp.com and we will be happy to consult with you so that arrangements can be made for reasonable accommodation.