Work Location:
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Hours
37.5
Line Of Business
Analytics, Insights, & Artificial Intelligence
Pay Details
$115,600 - $163,200 CAD
This role is eligible for a discretionary variable compensation award that considers business and individual performance.
TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs.
As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role.
Job Description
Department Overview:
Resilience Management is an enterprise-level team within the Protect Platform, Global Technology and Solutions (GTS) pillar for the TD Bank Group, providing first line of defense and protection coverage for TD customers, shareholders, and employees. The Resilience Management team leads TD Disaster Recovery, Availability, Operational Resilience and Business Continuity first line of defense requirements, governance and oversight.
Job Details - What You’ll Do
Reporting directly to the Vice President, Resilience Management within Protect Platform, the Senior Manager, Analytics and Insights will provide value-added support to effectively and efficiently measure and report on the state of Resilience Management performance for TD.
The ideal candidate will demonstrate both technical and business acumen and leadership to produce and compile performance metrics, health status and various other metrics while being able to communicate quantitative/qualitative information and key insights in a clear and compelling way (verbal presentation, executive summaries, storyboarding with numbers and illustrative design) that is flexible to suit different audiences (from executive to business-line level).
The role collaborates with multiple stakeholders including partners within Resilience Management, GTS and enterprise risk and control functions.
As a valued member of our Resilience Management, you will:
Lead monthly and weekly reporting and portfolio insights, providing quality assurance oversight and guidance to Senior Management, including keep peers within the Resilience Management team. This includes providing visibility into key and more granular performance metrics, emerging trends within DR, Availability, Business Continuity and Operational Resilience, and areas requiring management attention.
Manage automated reporting, dashboards, and data pipelines through building, maintaining and enhancing data and reporting processes using SQL, Python, Tableau/Power BI, and other analytic and business intelligence tools.
Develop actionable insights to recovery processes, strategic initiatives and opportunities that would ensure TD continuously improves in its ability to withstand, respond and recover from disruption. This would require conducting deep-dive analyses on availability trends, incidents, change management, geographic specific issues, anomaly patterns in end to end business to technology mapping, operational risk events, loss events, open issues and control exceptions and translating into recommendations for Resilience Management decision making purposes. 
Provide stakeholder management and executive-level reporting support. This would include preparing commentaries, performance summaries and insights for Resilience Management and senior leadership and other key stakeholders.
Where You'll Work
After completing requisite onboarding, training and cross-training sessions, our current business model policy is "Office Focused", currently defined as "Real estate not ready (2 days in office per week)." Resilience Management currently has in-office real estate footprints in Toronto and Mount Laurel. Whether working in-office or remotely offsite (which will require a secure, private workspace with a stable internet connection), you will be expected to collaborate with team members and business partners or work independently to fulfill the job responsibilities as well as participate in team events and experiences. The hiring manager will provide more information about how this works for the team.
Required
Job Requirements - What You Need to Succeed:
University/College education, with focus on Data and Business Analytics, Finance, Commerce, Business, Statistics and Mathematics (having already obtained or working towards a professional designation/certification). 10+ years of experience in business performance management, reporting, insights & analysis development.
Strong proficiency in using business intelligence and analytics tools – includes firsthand exposure to programming and data environments as well as data visualization tools (i.e., SQL, Hadoop, R, Python, Microsoft Azure / Databricks, Tableau / Power BI, etc.).
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft 365 (i.e., Excel, PowerPoint, Word, Teams, Co-Pilot). Results-focused individual with an ability to influence decisions using data, leveraging business interpretation and analysis skills.
Strong analytically-anchored thinker – proven ability to understand and proactively identify key risks and issues, demonstrates strong critical reasoning, pro-actively recommends proposals and solutions, challenges whether status quo/calculated results are rational or require additional justification.
Skilled oral and written communicator, comfortable presenting with demonstrated ability to digest complex information and summarize it in a clear, concise fashion (for executive-level consumption).
Preferred
Prior experience working in or supporting Resilience Management functions (BCM, Operational Resiliency, Disaster Recovery, Availability).
Energetic, enthusiastic, pro-active self-starter – willing to “roll up the sleeves” to deliver results in the short-term while building for the long-term; agile, adaptable, “can-do” attitude, high degree of responsiveness and initiative.
Robust organizational skills with the ability to work in a challenging environment and manage multiple deadlines and priorities, with a proven record of executing with excellence and making an impact.
Who We Are
TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities.
Our Total Rewards Package
Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more
Additional Information
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home.
Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements.
Colleague Development 
If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities.
If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact.
We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best.
Training & Onboarding
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role.
Interview Process 
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call.
Accommodation 
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.
We look forward to hearing from you!
Language Requirement (Quebec Only)
Sans Objet
        





        
            Show more
          

          







        
            Show less