Work Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada Hours: 37.5 Line of Business: Marketing Pay Details: $185,000 - $245,000 CAD TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and organizational needs. As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role. Job Description: Vice President, Client Experience (CX) Advanced Insights & Value Department Overview: TD has a bold ambition to become the undisputed leader in Client Experience. The Client Experience team serves as the enterprise steward of client experience across TD, accountable for shaping, measuring, and improving end-to-end client experiences partnering with businesses, channels, products, and journeys. Reporting to the SVP, Client Experience, the team provides an integrated enterprise view of client experience performance benchmarks, client needs, and associated business impact, bringing together client feedback, complaints, advanced client experience analytics, research, and market benchmarks to identify opportunities for improvement. The team establishes and governs enterprise client experience standards, drives consistency across all client touchpoints, and partners with business and functional leaders to resolve top client pain points, elevate critical moments that matter, and strengthen client relationships. Through thought leadership, influence, measurement, and adoption of client standards across the bank, the team champions a client-centric culture, fosters accountability, and helps ensure TD delivers simple, personalized, and differentiated experiences that create value for clients. Job Summary The Vice President, Client Experience (CX) Advanced Insights & Value will be accountable to build, manage and operationalize an AI and Agent enabled Client insights factory to connect client feedback, operational signals, and financial outcomes to prioritize the right actions to improve Client Experience. Client Insights Factory will integrate client feedback, operational and behavioral indicators, Open Banking information and financial data, using advanced analytics and AI to identify drivers of client advocacy, predict client friction, link client experience to financial outcomes and prioritize action. The role is accountable for building the vision, executing on building an industry leading client intelligence function to inform all client level decisions, as the single source of truth for TD clients. Accountabilities Integrate Voice of Customer (VOC) signals, including surveys, complaints, escalations, social, and frontline feedback. Conduct analytics to understand client experience drivers, segmentation, root causes, and financial impact. Develop predictive insights related to attrition, complaints, service failure, and promoter growth. Build and maintain the enterprise VOC platform, issue taxonomy, and root-cause hierarchy. Real time monitoring of key client experiences and irritants through AI / Agentic solutions Enable Natural Language Processing capabilities to mine Client experience data to democratize advanced client insights at TD. Build CX economics, linking key experiences to revenue, attrition, cost-to-serve, and lifetime value. Lead value realization activities, including ROI tracking, prioritization, and challenge of assumptions. Monitor key irritants and must-win client moments through dynamic dashboards Establish data-driven linkage between CX priorities and impact on the Bank's strategic pillars. Portfolio Scope The role is accountable for: VOC, Operational and Financial information for a single source of client truth Customer analytics and predictive modelling CX economics and experience to financial linkage Value realization office and prioritization Command centre monitoring and irritant tracking Key Interactions CX Measurement & Research Data / AI / Analytics teams Technology partners Finance Lines of Business / Channels Complaint and frontline feedback sources Success Measures Success in this role is demonstrated through: An integrated view of client issues and drivers. Predictive capability to identify issues early. Clear linkage between CX and financial outcomes. Data-driven prioritization of CX investments. AI and Agentic enablement Educational Requirement Undergraduate degree required in a relevant discipline. MBA considered an asset TD Story Founded in 1855, TD has grown from a single branch serving grain millers and merchants into one of the largest and most respected financial institutions in North America. As we continue to develop a more global, integrated approach to our businesses, it is important that every employee, regardless of location, is aware of TD's history and impressive growth story. Over 150 years of service. Read more about TD's rich history. Our Strategy There's never been a more exciting time for TD. We are a strong, competitive bank with clear advantages and we're leveraging our unique strengths to enhance the client experience, drive performance, and create long-term shareholder value. With exceptional talent across our organization, and millions of loyal clients who depend on us for their financial success, we are poised to accelerate growth and deliver peer-leading performance. Our strategy is detailed across three pillars: We're driving Deeper Relationships with our clients, to help them meet all of their financial needs, and accelerate growth across all our businesses. We're building a Simpler & Faster Bank, stripping out complexity and harnessing the power of AI and digital capabilities to outpace the market and meet our clients' evolving needs. We're bringing Disciplined Execution, sharpening our focus, driving outcomes, and holding ourselves and each other accountable to deliver. The TD Way: Our Purpose, Promise & Culture Our Purpose Reimagine what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities. Our purpose defines why we exist. It’s our bold ambition to shape the future of banking, not just adapt to it. We’re building a simpler, faster bank for our clients, our colleagues and our communities. Our Promise Remarkably human. Refreshingly simple. Our promise is how we deliver on our purpose. It's what people feel when they interact with TD: how we show up, deliver value and bring our brand to life through every experience. Being Remarkably Human means maintaining a personal connection and deepening trust in everything we do. It’s how we design experiences that feel genuinely helpful, compassionate and meaningful. Being Refreshingly Simple means taking the complexity out of banking – speeding up decisions, simplifying processes and creating clarity for our clients and colleagues alike. Our Culture TD’s culture is a reflection of our shared beliefs, attitudes, and behaviours. When aligned with strategy, it’s a game-changing accelerator. To advance our strategic progress, we're focused on strengthening aspects of our culture – who we are and how we lead – that will help us succeed. Together, we call this The TD Way. It’s how we activate the strengths and capabilities of our colleagues and leaders to realize the opportunities ahead, ensuring that our culture, strategy and brand are deeply connected and brought to life in every experience we create. Who We Are: TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches/stores. Every day, we strive to make every interaction, product, and experience remarkably human and refreshingly simple for over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to foster deeper relationships, ensure disciplined execution, and build a simpler, faster banking experience. TD is deeply committed to being a leader in client experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are client facing. Together, we are reimagining what banking can be for our clients, colleagues and communities. Our Total Rewards Package Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs. Learn more Additional Information: We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at home. Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements. Colleague Development If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities. If you’re passionate about helping clients and building deep, lasting relationships, TD offers diverse career paths where you can grow your expertise and make a meaningful impact. We're committed to your success and foster a respectful workplace where diverse perspectives are valued, everyone has fair opportunities to grow, and you can unlock your full potential to achieve your career goals. Here at TD, we hire and develop the best. Training & Onboarding We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you need to succeed in your new role. Interview Process We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call. Accommodation Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process. We look forward to hearing from you! Language Requirement (Quebec only): Sans Objet US Labor & Employment Posters | California Privacy | Accessibility | FAQ Our Values At TD we’re guided by our purpose to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and colleagues, and share a set of values that shape our culture and guide our behavior. In exchange for how our colleagues show up to help TD succeed, we are committed to delivering a colleague experience grounded in Impact, Growth and a Culture of Care. No matter where you work across TD, we empower you to make an impact at work and in your community, explore and grow your career and be part of our caring and inclusive culture. Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion At TD, we’re committed to fostering an environment where all colleagues are encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work, experience equitable opportunities, and feel respected and supported. We’re dedicated to building an inclusive workforce that reflects the diversity of the customers and the communities in which we live and serve. Helping to Make an Impact in Communities – TD Ready Commitment TD has a long-standing commitment to help drive progress towards a more inclusive and sustainable future. That’s why we launched the TD Ready Commitment in 2018, now a multi-year North American initiative. Under the TD Ready Commitment, we are targeting a total of C$1 billion by 2030 in community giving across four key, interconnected drivers of change: Financial Security, Vibrant Planet, Connected Communities, and Better Health. It’s our goal to help support change, nurture progress, and contribute to making the world a better, more inclusive place for our customers, colleagues, and communities. Learn more: Canada | US | Europe & Asia Pacific