161 Bay Street (93021), Canada, Toronto,Toronto, Ontario,Head of the Canada Risk Office
About Capital One Canada.
For 30 years, we’ve been on a mission to change banking for good. We challenge the traditional bank stereotype, fostering a culture where innovation thrives and bold ideas are celebrated.
We’re driven by what’s possible, leveraging the power of data and technology to empower innovative solutions, inspire one another to dream boldly, and take transformative ownership of decisions and outcomes that directly impact millions of Canadians. Every challenge is an opportunity to lead from the front, working together toward a shared vision that extends far beyond banking.
We balance high-performance with investment in your long-term success, ensuring you have the support you need to do your best work. Here, you’ll take full accountability for your path, upskilling through hands-on experience and mentorship, to turn your curiosity into a career built on your own terms.
Are you ready to redefine what’s next?
About The Role
The Senior Director, Risk Management leads the Canada Card Risk Office team. The Canada Risk Office provides support for new and emerging Canada Card business strategies as well as critical business processes.
This role is part of the First Line of Defense and is a “1B” function. The role understands the business and its risks and, with advice, oversight, objective guidance, and independent challenge from the Second Line of Defence, is responsible for ensuring that the Canada business risk management processes meet regulatory expectations and internal Capital One policies.
You will work with business partners to implement and track the progress of the implementation of laws and regulations, which requires strong collaboration with various leaders of the business, Legal, Compliance, Risk Management, and enterprise partners to ensure well-managed operations. You are responsible for enabling the Canada Business to identify and assess the risks it faces and support the business to manage its risks appropriately in alignment with the Branch’s strategy and risk appetite.
Your Responsibilities:
Support the Canada Business with identifying and managing the risks inherent in the business activities, products, processes. 
Support the Principal Officer and the Canada Senior Leadership Team (“SLT”) in promoting a culture of risk awareness, clear risk ownership within the business, and personal accountability. 
Oversight of the control testing team, ensuring governance processes in alignment with the COSO framework and continuous improvement as needed. 
Oversight of the risk event management process, ensuring timely identification and escalation of issues and control deficiencies. 
Review and recommend updates to compliance and risk management policies, processes, procedures, controls, metrics to adapt to changes within the industry and in the Branch’s risk appetite. 
Partner with 1A Business and the Second Line of Defence to establish and maintain processes to monitor the regulatory environment to identify new/changed regulations, trends and emerging risks to proactively assess impacts to business operations, risk profile, policies, processes and procedures. 
Support internal audits and regulatory exams (e.g., OSFI, FCAC, OCC), including the resolution of any findings. 
Basic Qualifications:
At least 10 years of experience in Risk Management, Project Management, Compliance or Process Management
At least years experience managing people and leading a team
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree 
At least 7 years of Financial Services third party risk management experience
Excellent verbal presentation and written communication skills to confidently interact at all levels of the organization (e.g., technology/cyber organizations, enterprise business stakeholders, and executive leadership)
Excellent problem-solving, analytical and critical thinking skills to effectively respond to shifting priorities, demands and timelines
Ability to set direction, manage expectations, and lead cross-functional teams
Highly collaborative and consultative, and seek out inspiration and feedback from others to always drive towards the best solution
High degree of organizational skills and ability to manage multiple, competing priorities 
Strong understanding of Enterprise Risk Management frameworks 
Strong written and verbal communication skills and proven relationship building
Certified Third-Party Risk Professional (CTPRP) or other applicable risk certifications
Working at Capital One
You’ll be empowered to take end-to-end ownership of your work and your career, backed by a high-performance, hybrid culture and holistic suite of benefits designed to support your whole self.
Take ownership of your own potential: Whether you’re looking to upskill, pivot into new business areas, or master your craft, you’ll have access to tools and mentorship to reach your potential and define your career trajectory. 
Find your rhythm: We believe trust fosters the flexibility and autonomy required to balance personal needs with a focus on high performance. We support a hybrid model – with 3 days in the office per week – that gives room for both collaboration and personal commitments. 
Benefits built for your life: We take a holistic approach to well-being, providing support for you and those who are most important to you. This includes: full coverage for spouses, domestic partners and dependents, a one-time Work From Home allowance to build your comfortable workspace, up to $3,000 in mental health coverage and up to $5,000 in annual tuition subsidies. 
You’ll find that Capital One is committed to helping you thrive and evolve every step of the way.
This posting is for an existing vacancy.
We embrace the responsible use of artificial intelligence (AI) to enhance the candidate experience and streamline our recruitment processes. However, no hiring decisions are made using AI as every hiring decision is made by our hiring managers, business interviewers, and recruitment professionals. Our teams are equipped with training that empowers them to use AI responsibly.
Capital One Canada is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment. We consider all qualified applicants and will meet the needs of those requiring reasonable accommodations.
If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at ARCanada@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One's recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).
        





        
            Show more
          

          







        
            Show less