Requisition ID: 263033
Join a purpose driven winning team, committed to results, in an inclusive and high-performing culture.
The Role
As a Senior Manager within Capital Markets Operations, you will support the delivery of change initiatives across Global Wholesale Operations (GWO), ensuring new processes, systems, and regulatory requirements are effectively implemented into day-to-day operations.
Is this role right for you? In this role, you will:
Assess the impact of change initiatives across operational functions, including processes, systems, controls, and capacity
Translate program scope into clear operational requirements, timelines, and readiness plans
Identify dependencies across teams and functions, ensuring alignment and coordination throughout delivery
Oversee execution of assigned initiatives, including:
Tracking milestones, risks, and dependencies
Supporting governance activities (e.g., working groups, project forums)
Ensuring operational requirements are incorporated into delivery plans
Coordinate and support User Acceptance Testing (UAT):
Define test approach and coverage
Oversee test execution and defect tracking
Ensure key business scenarios are validated
Lead operational readiness activities, including:
Readiness assessments across operations and technology
Development of training, documentation, and support models
Contribution to go-live readiness decisions
Support post-implementation reviews, identifying improvements to processes, controls, and operational workflows
Work closely with partners across Technology, Risk, Compliance, and Operations to support delivery and implementation of change
Skills
Do you have the skills that will enable you to succeed in this role? – We’d love to work with you if you have:
Experience supporting project or change initiatives within Capital Markets Operations
Hands-on experience in one or more of the following operational areas:
OTC Derivatives (Clearing, Confirmations, Settlements)
Collateral Management or Funding
Asset Servicing / Corporate Actions
Middle Office Trade Support (e.g., PnL, trade lifecycle, risk support)
Futures & Options Clearing
Prime Services or Securities Lending / Borrowing
Knowledge of financial products, such as:
Derivatives (e.g., FX, swaps, NDFs, CDS, structured products)
Fixed Income (e.g., bonds, repos, treasury bills, deposits, loans)
Experience working in a regulated financial services or banking environment
Exposure to testing and implementation activities, including UAT coordination, test execution, or defect management
Familiarity with operational readiness, go-live support, or implementation activities
Exposure to Capital Markets systems/platforms, such as:
Operations and collateral tools (e.g., Global One, Loan One, Equilend, Colline, Anvil, Broadridge, ION)
Front-to-back trading or risk systems (e.g., Murex, Calypso, Fidessa, Sophis, Wall Street)
What’s in it for you?
A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development
An organization committed to making a difference in our communities – for you and our customers.
A competitive rewards program including bonus, flexible vacation, personal and sick days, and comprehensive benefits that start on your first day. 
Diversity, Equity, Inclusion & Allyship - We strive to create an inclusive culture where every employee is empowered to reach their fullest potential, respected for who they are, and are embraced through bias-free practices and inclusive values across Scotiabank. We embrace diversity and provide opportunities for all employees to learn, grow & participate through our various Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that span across diverse gender identities, ethnicity, race, age, ability & veterans.
Accessibility and Workplace Accommodations - We value the unique skills and experiences every individual brings to the Bank and are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone. Scotiabank continues to locate, remove and prevent barriers so that we can build a diverse and inclusive environment while meeting accessibility requirements. 
Location(s): Canada : Ontario : Toronto
Scotiabank is a leading bank in the Americas. Guided by our purpose: "for every future", we help our customers, their families and their communities achieve success through a broad range of advice, products and services, including personal and commercial banking, wealth management and private banking, corporate and investment banking, and capital markets.
At Scotiabank, we value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to the Bank, and are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format documents, ASL Interpreter, or Assistive Technology) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. If you require technical assistance, please click here. Candidates must apply directly online to be considered for this role. We thank all applicants for their interest in a career at Scotiabank; however, only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted.
        





        
            Show more
          

          







        
            Show less