1726559309148_RBC-careers-logo
-
Background
Associate Director - Project Manager - Risk Services
Location:TORONTO, Ontario, Canada
Category:Strategy | Project & Program Management
Sub Category:Sub Category: Project and Program Management
Type:Type: Full time
Application Deadline:Application Deadline: 2026-06-30
Req ID:Req ID: R-0000169839

Share via Email

Share via Facebook

Share via linkedin

Share via twitter
Description
Job Description

WHAT IS THE OPPORTUNITY?

The Risk Services team within RBC Capital Markets Quantitative and Technology Services is undertaking multiple complex enterprise-wide initiatives as part of RBC’s ongoing plan to improve risk management across the organization. In this role, you will be responsible for strategically planning and managing successful implementation of initiatives with numerous stakeholder teams.  The role will coordinate, develop, lead, communicate and execute activities to ensure objectives are accomplished on time and budget.

WHAT WILL YOU DO?

Work directly with the IT teams (developers, QA, BA’s) and help drive execution of the deliverables
Work with the respective technology teams to develop and manage a detailed project schedule and work plan
Monitor progress and make adjustments as needed
Provide project updates on a consistent basis to lead PMO, ensuring that reporting to exec level are up to date and escalations raised at appropriate times.
Managing the delivery of functionality, running concurrent projects; sometimes utilizing shared resources, with aggressive timelines. 
Understand complexity of a situation/status and translate it into an executive level summary
Ensure project tracking systems (i.e. JIRA, GAP), are up to date
Utilize industry best practices, techniques, and standards throughout entire project execution
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO SUCCEED?

Must have:

Undergraduate degree coupled with change management experience in complex programs with high frequency of requests and multiple priorities.
Demonstrated ability in written and oral communication skills along with strong presentation skills. Ability to determine the information and communication needs of the stakeholders and project.
Strong organizational, project management and time management capabilities.
A strong understanding of technology and/or financial services industry.
Deadline-driven and results-oriented; able to meet consistently high quality standards while handling a variety of tasks and deadlines simultaneously.
Nice-to-have: 

Experience in a matrix environment, such as a large, publicly-traded corporation
Ability to facilitate between and influence key decision makers
Strategic thinker with excellent interpersonal skills to work across functions and businesses
Business analysis skills and experience
What’s in it for you?

We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable
Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities
Ability to make a difference and lasting impact
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team
A world-class training program in financial services
Flexible work/life balance options
Opportunities to do challenging work
#LI-POST

Job Skills

Business Oriented, Communication, Group Problem Solving, Long Term Planning, Meeting Management, Organizational Change Management, Resource Coordination, Results-Oriented, Time Management, Waterfall Model
Additional Job Details

Address:

RBC CENTRE, 155 WELLINGTON ST W:TORONTO
City:

Toronto
Country:

Canada
Work hours/week:

37.5
Employment Type:

Full time
Platform:

CAPITAL MARKETS
Job Type:

Regular
Pay Type:

Salaried
Posted Date:

2026-05-06
Application Deadline:

2026-06-30
Note: Applications will be accepted until 11:59 PM on the day prior to the application deadline date above

Our Employment Opportunities

At RBC, we are guided by living shared values of Client First, Integrity, Collaboration, Respect and Excellence and winning together as One RBC. We believe an inclusive workplace that has diverse perspectives is core to our continued growth as one of the largest and most successful banks in the world. Maintaining a workplace where our employees feel supported to perform at their best, effectively collaborate, drive innovation, and grow professionally helps to bring our Purpose to life and create value for our clients and communities. RBC strives to deliver this through policies and programs intended to foster a workplace based on respect, belonging and opportunity for all.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com.

RBC is presently inviting candidates to apply for this existing vacancy. Applying to this posting allows you to express your interest in this current career opportunity at RBC. Qualified applicants may be contacted to review their resume in more detail.

Get notified for similar jobs
Sign up to receive job alerts
Email address
saber.ayatollahi@gmail.com
Similar jobs
Senior Manager, Organizational Change Management & Communications (Global Security)
Location:Jersey City, New Jersey, United States of America
Category:Strategy | Project & Program Management
Associate Director, Project Manager - Risk (Capital Markets)
Location:TORONTO, Ontario, Canada
Category:Strategy | Project & Program Management
Project Manager - CM Treasury Tech
Location:MONTRÉAL, Quebec, Canada
Category:Strategy | Project & Program Management
Find your next job.
Search job title or location
Search job title or location
View All Jobs
Royal Bank of Canada Website, © 1995-2026

RBC careers in Facebook RBC careers in Instagram RBC careers in Twitter RBC careers in You Tube RBC careers in Linkedin
Legal | Accessibility | Privacy & Security | RBC Job Applicant Privacy Notice | Personal Information | Advertising & Cookies