Manager/Senior Manager, Quantitative Market Risk Models - Financial Engineering and Modeling
Posting Start Date: 5/15/26
Job Type: 
Permanent
Work Model: 
Hybrid
Reference code: 
133422
Primary Location: 
Toronto, ON
All Available Locations: 
Toronto, ON
Our Purpose
At Deloitte, our Purpose is to make an impact that matters. We exist to inspire and help our people, organizations, communities, and countries to thrive by building a better future. Our work underpins a prosperous society where people can find meaning and opportunity. It builds consumer and business confidence, empowers organizations to find imaginative ways of deploying capital, enables fair, trusted, and functioning social and economic institutions, and allows our friends, families, and communities to enjoy the quality of life that comes with a sustainable future. And as the largest 100% Canadian-owned and operated professional services firm in our country, we are proud to work alongside our clients to make a positive impact for all Canadians.
By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters.
Have many careers in one Firm.
Enjoy flexible, proactive, and practical benefits that foster a culture of well-being and connectedness.
Learn from deep subject matter experts through mentoring and on the job coaching
--
Would you like to further develop your career with our exponentially expanding Financial Engineering and Modeling group? Are you up for the challenge to help the most sophisticated Canadian and international clients to solve their quantitative and modelling issues?
What will your typical day look like?
In this role you will help Banking and Finance clients by developing, validating, or reviewing Capital Markets and Market Risk models (e.g., Financial Derivatives Pricing, VaR/ES, Counterparty Credit Risk, xVAs, FRTB, CDOR Transition and CCAR models) based on industry best practices. You may also be able to work in other quantitative and analytical areas such as credit modeling, forecasting and stress testing, customer behavior modeling.
About The Team
Deloitte’s Risk, Regulatory & Forensics practice delivers highly specialized advisory solutions for companies facing critical business events where significant value is at stake, in every phase of the economic cycle. Our work is often high profile, high impact, and highly rewarding. If you’re looking for a challenge and an opportunity to grow your career alongside the best and brightest in the industry, you’ll find it in Risk, Regulatory & Forensics at Deloitte. Broaden your skills. Broaden your reach. Broaden your career. It’s all possible at Deloitte.
Enough About Us, Let’s Talk About You
You are someone with:
5-15 years of relevant experience spent within Capital Markets and/or Market Risk, on a model development or model validation/vetting team at a major financial institution.
Strong academic background with a PhD or Master's Degree in Mathematical Finance, Financial Engineering, or another relevant post-graduate degree (Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Statistics).
Solid understanding and hands-on experiences of financial products (e.g., options, swaps, etc.) and their modeling and calibration including numerically solving PDEs, employing binomial trees, and using Monte Carlo methods across a wide range of products, including interest rate, foreign exchange, equity, commodity, and credit derivatives.
Strong programming skills (e.g., Python, MATLAB, Visual Basic, C++, C#).
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Experience in people management and strong time management skills.
Solid knowledge of quantitative methodologies in market risks (e.g., VaR, FRTB, CCR, XVA, etc.) and Economic Capital is required.
Total Rewards
The salary range for this position is between $101,000 - $169,000 (Manager) and $126,000 - $234,000 (Senior Manager), and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. Individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. We regularly benchmark across a variety of positions, industries, sectors, targets, and levels. Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.
Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. On top of our regular paid vacation days, some examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days", dedicated days of for learning (known as Development and Innovation Days), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.
Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life.
Be yourself, and more.
We are a group of talented people who want to learn, gain experience, and develop skills. Wherever you are in your career, we want you to advance.
You Shape How We Make Impact.
Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. Whoever you are and wherever you’re from, we want you to feel like you belong here. We provide flexible working options to support you and how you can contribute.
Be the leader you want to be 
Some guide teams, some change culture, some build essential expertise. We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader.
Have as many careers as you want.
We are uniquely able to offer you new challenges and roles – and prepare you for them. We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors.
The next step is yours
At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively – that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan, Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative.
We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis).
When you apply, we will review your application using Deloitte's Global Talent Standards to ensure a consistent recruitment experience. Our recruitment advisors and hiring teams will utilize human screening combined with AI technology to help identify the skills and qualities that matter most to our business, while safeguarding your privacy and using AI responsibly.
Deloitte Canada has 20 offices with representation across most of the country. We acknowledge that Deloitte offices stand on traditional, treaty, and unceded territories in what is now known as Canada. We recognize that Indigenous Peoples have been the caretakers of this land since time immemorial, nurturing its resources and preserving its natural beauty. We acknowledge this land is still home to many First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Peoples, who continue to maintain their deep connection to the land and its sacred teachings. We humbly acknowledge that we are all Treaty people, and we commit to fostering a relationship of respect, collaboration, and stewardship with Indigenous communities in our shared goal of reconciliation and environmental sustainability.
        





        
            Show more
          

          







        
            Show less